.TH "Tinker with topologies." 3 "Mon Jan 24 2011" "Version 1.1.1" "Hardware Locality (hwloc)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Tinker with topologies. \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI " void \fBhwloc_topology_export_xml\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, const char *xmlpath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI " void \fBhwloc_topology_export_xmlbuffer\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, char **xmlbuffer, int *buflen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI " \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_topology_insert_misc_object_by_cpuset\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_const_cpuset_t\fP cpuset, const char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI " \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP \fBhwloc_topology_insert_misc_object_by_parent\fP (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP parent, const char *name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS " void hwloc_topology_export_xml (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, const char * xmlpath)"
.PP
Export the topology into an XML file. This file may be loaded later through \fBhwloc_topology_set_xml()\fP. 
.SS " void hwloc_topology_export_xmlbuffer (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, char ** xmlbuffer, int * buflen)"
.PP
Export the topology into a newly-allocated XML memory buffer. \fCxmlbuffer\fP is allocated by the callee and should be freed with xmlFree later in the caller.
.PP
This memory buffer may be loaded later through \fBhwloc_topology_set_xmlbuffer()\fP. 
.SS " \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_topology_insert_misc_object_by_cpuset (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_const_cpuset_t\fP cpuset, const char * name)"
.PP
Add a MISC object to the topology. A new MISC object will be created and inserted into the topology at the position given by bitmap \fCcpuset\fP.
.PP
cpuset and name will be copied.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the newly-created object 
.RE
.PP

.SS " \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP hwloc_topology_insert_misc_object_by_parent (\fBhwloc_topology_t\fP topology, \fBhwloc_obj_t\fP parent, const char * name)"
.PP
Add a MISC object to the topology. A new MISC object will be created and inserted into the topology at the position given by parent.
.PP
name will be copied.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the newly-created object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hardware Locality (hwloc) from the source code.
